calibration: fix incorrect statistical backing calculation (#633)
lumicks/pylake: docs/theory/force_calibration/fitting.rst

(:math:`R_f`) and an underestimation of the distance response (:math:`R_d`). In practice, one should
use a high number of points per block (:math:`n_b \gg 100`), unless a very low corner frequency precludes this.
In such cases, it is preferable to increase the measurement time.

Goodness of fit
---------------

Based on the model and noise assumptions, we can calculate a goodness of fit criterion.

> When sufficient blocking has taken place, the sum of squared residuals that is being minimized during the fitting procedure is distributed according to a chi-squared distribution characterized by :math:`N_{dof} = N_{data} - N_{free}` degrees of freedom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sufficient blocking has taken place, the sum of squared residuals that is being minimized during the fitting procedure is distributed according to a chi-squared distribution characterized by :math:`N_\mathit{dof} = N_\mathit{data} - N_\mathit{free}` degrees of freedom.
```

> When sufficient blocking has taken place, the sum of squared residuals that is being minimized during the fitting procedure is distributed according to a chi-squared distribution characterized by :math:`N_{dof} = N_{data} - N_{free}` degrees of freedom.
> Here :math:`N_{data}` corresponds to the number of data points we fitted (after blocking) and :math:`N_{free}` corresponds to the number of parameters we fitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sufficient blocking has taken place, the sum of squared residuals that is being minimized during the fitting procedure is distributed according to a chi-squared distribution characterized by :math:`N_\mathit{dof} = N_\mathit{data} - N_\mathit{free}` degrees of freedom.
Here :math:`N_\mathit{data}` corresponds to the number of data points we fitted (after blocking) and :math:`N_\mathit{free}` corresponds to the number of parameters we fitted.
```

We can use the value we obtain to determine how unusual the fit error we obtained is.

.. math::

>     \mathrm{support} = 100 P(x > \chi_{obtained}^2) = 100 \int_{\chi_{obtained}^2}^{\infty} \chi^2_{N_{dof}}(x) dx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \mathrm{support} = 100 P(x > \chi_\mathit{obtained}^2) = 100 \int_{\chi_\mathit{obtained}^2}^{\infty} \chi^2_{N_\mathit{dof}}(x) dx
```

In order to inform whatever TeX engine that these are single words

> The support or backing is the probability that a repetition of the measurement that produced the data we fitted to, will produce data that when fitted results in a larger value than the one we obtained.

Reviewer: No idea if this still relays the message properly, but I hoped to be a bit more clear.

```suggestion
The support or backing is the probability that a repetition of the measurement that produced the data we fitted to, will produce, after fitting, residuals of which the squared sum is larger than the one we obtained initially.
```

Author: Much better. Thank you 🙌

> The support or backing is the probability that a repetition of the measurement that produced the data we fitted to, will produce, after fitting, residuals of which the squared sum is larger than the one we obtained initially.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The support or backing is the probability that a repetition of the measurement that produced the data we fitted to will, after fitting, produce residuals whose squared sum is greater than the one we initially obtained.
```
